sup guys welcome to a brand new game of
warframe since they were doing a twitch
Prime promotion I decided to pick up the
game if we go in here it's a frost Prime
it's pretty good you look at the stats
over there
this was my another one right here so
it's it's kind of been upgrading not
gonna lie and we also got a weapon and a
melee so yeah that's pretty cool if you
guys want to play a warframe it'll be
down in the description and yeah let's
get right into the video
it's gonna be really cool oh wow
three people there's another person how
many freakin people can we get in this
Lobby so yeah if you guys enjoy the
commentary make sure to leave a comment
because I never know you guys enjoy them
or not we actually got a new attention a
little bit
oh that's my teammate don't worry about
it
they spotted get up get up get up
yeah just I just ripped through these
guys because we have created weapons
I just gotta learn how to aim alright
they're gonna have that look through
that guy's really quick don't worry
about it
so yeah do you guys like warframe if you
play it make sure to tell me how I'm
doing and how I could improve on the
game I rather enjoyed this game I'm not
gonna lie I'm also enjoying doing
YouTube again it's a lot of fun all
right we're gonna are they gonna help
him where's my voice chat hold on how do
i voice chat we good we're good alright
oh crap I jumped off
yesterday we come
[Music]
yep come on let's go yeah oh my god I
just took a rocket launcher to the face
so where are you I'll give you my what
the end I get doing oh wait let's kill
this kind of dealing with a lot
we move on
and my god oh my god I've never taken
that long to kill some people
[Music]
oh hey
they're a faster way to get up name that
would be cool that
all right let's go
oh it's down here yeah it's gonna be
that's how they like to do that
apparently uh did he leave I have no
idea
crap I think my teammate just left the
guy that was actually helping
gotta take that guy out with mainly
what okay cool
trying to kill stuff but okay oh look we
got a blueprint for a helmet banshee
chorus helmet that's pretty cool I
didn't know you could drop items holy
crap I did not do any damage Wow I took
a lot of the damage
anyway
[Music]
wait whoa it was a back
there we go whoa that is really cool
wait that one there we go quick
whoa all right now let's fix it to go
with the colors all right
okay it's pretty cool pretty nifty look
at that actually looks really cool and I
look like a weird alien amazing oh we
finally did that cool now we can go onto
our main mission whoa all right
I didn't know that unlocked if you guys
are enjoying warfarin make sure to leave
a like comment down below because it
always helps always helps all right here
we go
finally can enter this
it's doing
[Applause]
I deal with that thing
it's not thinking any bullet damage okay
[Music]
or I didn't want to do damage anyway
oh yeah well that uh that's gone
all right okay continuing on
oh cool that was it Wow one guy rough it
was I was real tough well I I'm gonna
end off the video there so if you guys
enjoyed warframe make sure to leave a
like comment down below what else you
guys want to see if you guys want to see
more warframe tell me that and yeah see
you guys in the next video
a bye